Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. Well, I have some things on my
heart. I want to say this right off the
bat: everything we do on this channel,
in word and in deed, we give
all to the glory of God. Everything is
to give God glory. It's not to draw
attention to ourselves, but it's always
to draw attention to him. He said, "I'm
going to do some things
different."And
he said to me, "I want you to go back to
every single video of the things that
I've warned you to pray about, and I
want you to take the time to pray for
every single
individual thing for a
while."He
said, "I've given you enough,
son, for a while. There is a lot there
that has never been prayed over."He said
the crypto bill that got held back in
the Senate failed
because they didn't vote on it, and
it should have been bathed in prayer and
it wasn't. He said there are attacks
coming upon your soil that have not been
bathed in prayer. There are attacks
against your president that have not
been bathed in prayer. Great war is
rice-paper-thin,
ready to break out across the
world, and it needs more prayer. He said
there's much prayer that needs to
be done. We need to pray for the
plague. There's revival. There
are
so many things with the
wave and the markets and all
about what is happening financially
in this global economic shaking.
I
told you all what the Lord said
about Greenland and there was not
a green light to take Greenland. Many
people said, "Well Brandon, we should take
Greenland."I
said it will cause a great rift
in
Europe. It will
cause a great rift around the world, and
this is either a make-or-break time
for President Trump's term. He
said the decisions in the valley of
decision
where he's at right now
will make or break the election in
the
2026 midterms. This will be the
deciding factor, the deciding things
that he does over the next two weeks
going into the first part
of February. He said this will be, even
with the State of the Union speech,
what
makes or breaks this nation: if he gets
the Senate and the House and the
decisions that he makes.
He even warned me today in prayer. He
said he has ungodly counsel counseling
him and you need to pray these people
away—that
he would have a
visitation, that the eyes of his
understanding would be enlightened, and
that he would know who he can trust, who
he can't trust,
and
who he needs to eliminate out of his
cabinet in his spiritual circle. I saw
even moles in his spiritual circle and
the Lord showed me, saying, "Brandon, this
is very important that he
takes no counsel from ungodly
people."So
I said, "Well, I will do what you
asked me to do. This is your
channel."I'm
telling you, if he told me to turn
it off tomorrow, I'd do whatever he
asked me to do and I would sail away
into
the sunset. Ride away into the sunset.
That's just the way I feel. I've
done this strictly for him. So to the
haters, to the believers, to all of it,
I don't really care what side
of the fence you're on. I give all the
glory to God anyway. And if he says,
"Brandon, I'm done using you on
YouTube,"guess
what? My wife and I are
satisfied with that. But he said,
"Brandon, I want you to pray more. I
want you to take authority because the
church,
the remnant, has power and authority to
tread on serpents and scorpions, and
nothing shall by any means hurt
us"to
the believing believer. Do you
understand? Not begging believers,
believing believers. People who
understand who they are in Christ and
that are willing to say, "Hey, thus far,
Satan, and no further. You will not
cause people to be shot like it
happened today in
Florida with the retired
couple."You
can see the
article right here; Braden posted it for
you. So, we see what the Lord showed us
about chaos trying to happen in Orlando.
We had a guy that looked like
an ISIS terrorist.
And so, that happened today. Then we had
a massive solar flare—the largest one
in 20 years—erupt, a super solar storm.
The Lord said to watch for signs in
the heavens. The
weatherman
said
you're going to see Northern
Lights clear down into Oklahoma
again. This is an unusual happening that
is occurring so back-to-back all the
time now, because we saw them a couple
of
weeks ago and it was so bright everybody
was
taking pictures of it. He
said this one's going to be even
stronger; it has the potential to be even
stronger than the last one. And the Lord
said fearful sights you will see that
will bring you to your
knees.
In my dreams and in my praying
time, he said, "I told you to
start watching for the
false alien
invasions."He
said, "These are demonic spirits that
will come to try to deceive the
masses."And
he warned us about this and he
brought it up to me again. He said,
"Brandon, I told you they were coming.
This is going to be a great deception.
They're going to try to show themselves
to try to explain
away the rapture of the church in the
days
ahead."We
are so close to the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ. And I know in the last video
I brought up some things about crypto
and there was so much about that when
the Lord was talking about the
vote that was supposed to take place.
We didn't have the vote
because the enemy came in. The
Lord said this is Satan's wheelhouse.
This is what he was talking about.
What does it mean to
contend?
He said, "My believers are going to have
to contend for what's theirs."It won't
just happen. The remnant has to contend
for the wealth transfer. "For this is
Satan's wheelhouse, Brandon, and he will
resist you and fight you as hard as he can."He
will
try to
come against the wealth transfer
the most
because he knows this is the end of
the end. And he knows that this will
fuel the revival.
So if we're not believing
believers using our authority over it
and calling that money in, calling those
things that be not as though they were,
speaking to the finances to come in the
name of Jesus because we have power, and
life and death is in the power of the
tongue. And when you speak it out of
your mouth, you can have whatsoever
things you say. Mark 11:24. If you
use those
scriptures—the
Bible says, "Whatsoever things you
desire when you pray, believe that you
receive them and you shall have
them."He
also said in his word that if
you
abide in me and my words remain in you,
you shall ask what you will and it shall
be done unto you. So the word of God has
to be priority in your heart. And when I
saw the video
before last and the Lord showed me Braden
took that poll, I'm telling you you
must be filled with the Holy Ghost,
speaking in tongues.
My wife, Diana, got an
email from somebody that had an
audible voice reading this book "Why
Tongues?"because
I'm not a person who
likes to read and it's hard
sometimes to really comprehend
what you're reading because there's so
much there to meditate
on. But I
can hear it, and when I hear it
and
see it,
I learn a lot better versus reading it
because of what I've overcome. So she
found this and I listened to it today
and I told her we
have
to listen to it again and
again. Why? Because faith comes by
hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Why would you need to learn and
do that? You already pray in tongues.
Good. Because faith comes by
hearing and hearing
again. Even I don't know it all. And
I'm going to tell you, I learned
something from this today, too.
So, even being as polished as some
of you
try to say we are—I don't see
myself as that. I just see myself as
Brandon. And I'm telling you all, I
don't ever put myself on
that pedestal that some of you try
to. But I'm going to tell
you this: God is good. And I'm excited
about this book. There's a video on
YouTube with this being read,
and it's a blessing. So, I would
encourage you, if you want to just listen
to it in your car or
on your headphones or
whatever, you can find it.
There was a Derek Prince video he sent.
The Derek Prince video was about
speaking in tongues and teaching the
baptism of the Holy Spirit. Phenomenal.
And at the end of it, he leads you in
the prayer of faith to receive the
baptism of the Holy Spirit. It's called
'Receive the Holy Spirit'by Derek Prince.
And I'm telling you,
it's
phenomenal. Really, the first 30 minutes
of the video is pretty slow, but when he
gets to the last half and leads the
people in the prayer, it is really
amazing. I loved it. And so, I'm going
to listen to that again and again.
It's so good to polish yourself and
to keep going. We don't know it all.
And anybody who says they do
is highly mistaken and
full of pride. I'm going to tell you, watch
out for people who think they know it
all. Brandon Biggs
is a work in progress and so is Diana.
So is Braden. We're all works in
progress. We're so thankful that God
has
had patience with us even in our
shortcomings. And I'm so thankful that
you give me a chance every single day to
come into your house and teach the Word
of God to you and tell you that Jesus
Christ is coming. Thank you for praying
with us today. So, we're going to pray.
We're going to lift up these things.
Now, I was sent prophecies from other
people saying
things
about JD Vance. There's a
prophetess
that gave a word and she
said that there were things that she saw
concerning JD Vance, that he was
two-faced and all these other things.
That is exactly what I try to tell you
all.
It lines up with what I've
seen. So, all glory to God.
We didn't listen to it though.
I did not listen to it,
but Diana was
reading part of the transcript.
Someone emailed it to me.
Somebody emailed Diana
what was being said. So I want to say I
believe what this prophet is
saying. I believe
that's a right-on word,
that he's two-faced
and
big-headed. The Lord is warning about
this. And I'm not here to pick on people
and judge their character. But I'm also
here to pray away the people that
are
not supposed to be in power that
have been put in by people that
are not right. And I believe that God
will remove what he needs to remove and
raise up the right voice for the hour of
2028. I said there will be a Watergate
scandal come up in the days ahead if we
do not pray these things away. So there
are
major things the Lord has told
us even concerning war and an escalation
of war concerning Greenland and all those
things. And again, this
last video the Lord showed us the
Hispanic man rising up out of Claudia's
position. Claudia would be moved in
eventually in the days ahead. He said,
'But you will have to contend for it,
Mexico. You will have to pray, for they
will try to put another corrupt puppet
inside the Mexican government to rule
over Mexico.'Do you understand? It's run
by
big mafia cartel drug lords. And that's
what the Lord was showing me. He said
this has been a
stronghold for a while. Just because we
have a president now bringing light to
it, this has been a problem for some
time. So,
we see what the Lord has shown us
about Venezuela. We see all these
things. So, that's what we're going to
do. We're going to pray about it.
All right, let's take communion right
now and we'll pray. We're just going to
jump right into this. I'll give you a
little recap, but
I want this video to
focus on praying for what we have seen
in the past, what God has revealed to
us. And I truly
believe it will show to
be accurate with all my heart—what he
has shown us about the tariffs. That's
tomorrow, which is the 20th. It's
probably already
decided by now. But we pray over these
judges. We pray over
Trump and the decisions he'll
make concerning Greenland. The
Olympics start on the 6th
of February, which is in two weeks.
We've got major decisions concerning the
crypto bill that needs to be pushed
through and terrorist
attacks—a
Red Dawn experience. I don't
even really know, other than by the Holy Ghost,
what direction or
what
the hot spot is. He
specifically said to me, 'I want you to
take the time to pray over the things
that I've already shown you instead of
for me to give you anything new.
Pray over what I've given you, son. It's
very important.'It's being
left in the back field;
nobody's
there, and it just gets forgotten. These
are
serious times. We are in
a time that the church
needs to rise up and have a backbone
like a crowbar or we're going to lose
the land. Do you understand? It's not
just for me to come out here and show
you something and
then you just
say,
'Well, we'll see if that
happens.'Shame
on you. There's a lot of you doing
that. And so we're going
to just pray. Father, I thank you
for the body that was broken for us.
We're so grateful for all that you've
provided. We're so grateful for your
son.
Father, you became so real to us
when you died on that cross and rose
again on the third day.
When
we accepted you as Lord and Savior, we
became wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. We're
wall-to-wall
Holy Spirit. You dwell
on the inside of us, that as he is, so
are we in this world. And we don't have
to wallow around in a pig
pen
anymore. We are joint heirs of
Jesus Christ, seed with him in the
heavenlies, far above all principalities
and powers, that we're no longer kids
that are broken, busted, and disgusted.
Father, as he is, so are we
in this world. And Father, you provided
healing, wholeness,
and
wellness. You provided the
whole man. Just like Oral Roberts
University is talking about the whole
man—spirit,
soul, and body. We don't
just focus on the spirit
or
the body, but we focus
on the mind, will, and
emotions. Spirit, soul, and body.
We focus on the whole man.
And Father, that's even taking care of
our flesh, eating right things that you
show me. And Father, you said, 'Beloved,
I wish above all things that you prosper
and be in health even as your soul
prospers.'We're
so grateful for all that
you've done and all that you continue to
do. And Lord, we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for this prayer time
today. Help us, Holy Spirit. Help us to
be effective, that we hit the target
of
what's on your heart today. That we pray
in the spirit in a brand new tongue. We
lift up holy hands before you, and we
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise in Jesus'name. We lift up
this body and we go, 'God, you're good
and your mercy endures forever.'You're a
healer. You're a deliverer in all of it
in Jesus'name. Right,
Lord. We take the blood and we apply the
blood over us and we make much of the
blood. And Father, whatever it takes to
get the job done, Father, you've
put the closers in and we're closers
here today. We're here to
lift up the holy name of Jesus. And we
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise, Father, for all you did
with your blood. You are the
sacrifice that took all our sins.
You took all of it and you became sin
for us. You became sickness. You became
all that we needed. And Father, I thank
you.
You took all of it.
And we make much of the blood, Father,
and the blood makes much of us. And we
dedicate this time of prayer to you, all
to the glory of God. And we thank you,
Father, for the blood that washes us and
makes us whole in
Jesus'name.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh,
precious
is the flow
that
makes me white as snow.
No other
fount
I know, nothing but the blood of
Jesus.
Thank you for the blood. Thank you,
Lord.
Lord, you're so good to us. Now, God, we
lift up all these needs and all
these things that we've been
praying over this last year. There
are
so many things, Lord, to pray over here.
But we'll just start out
by lifting up our president before you.
So grateful, Father, for President
Trump.
I know he has a lot on him. And he has
all in dealing with his own flesh, his
own marriage, his own children, his own
pride, his own needs—whatever he has in
there—plus
the demonic pressure. I
can't even imagine the demonic pressure
that's tried to knock him off his
course.
So, Father, we just lift him up before
you.
We thank you, Father, that you keep him,
and you said you would give him perfect
peace whose mind is stayed on thee
because we trust in you, Lord.
And we believe, Father, that you've
appointed people. You put in kings
and you take out kings. You put in
presidents; you take presidents out.
Father, I know that you
told me, 'I've called him and chosen him
for such a time as
this.'And
we don't exalt the man; we exalt
you. And we just thank you, Lord,
that you have your hand on the heart of
the leader.
The
heart of
the king is in the hand of
the Lord.
And we believe, Father, that today
Trump's not a king;
Trump's just a president.
But God, I believe that the
people—we
voted and we believe for
a good leader over this nation. And
you said, 'Pray for our
leaders.'We
lift up our leaders before you right
now.
And we expose
and
uncover by faith in the name of
Jesus every dark agenda concerning this
nation.
Every dark agenda concerning this nation,
and we bind you and we command you to
cease and desist in your maneuvering.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that Trump
will be filled with and controlled by the
Holy Ghost. That, Father, he would find
you. Father, I thank you, Lord, that he
would seek you and find you, and the
door will be open. That you would speak
to him, Lord, and a stranger's voice
he'll not follow. The Bible says to take
no counsel from the ungodly. So, Father,
I thank you, Lord, that he has great
discernment in the name of Jesus
concerning leading this nation.
I call his eyes to flood with light
right now according to Ephesians
1,
that the eyes of his understanding would
be enlightened. Lord, we plead the blood
of Jesus all around him, all around his
thinking, all around his
cabinet.
I call, Father, for supernatural
leadership to rise up all around him,
that the hand of the Lord would guide
him
concerning Iran, concerning Greenland,
concerning Venezuela, Mexico, and Cuba,
and the enemy within.
Father, exposing the corruption and
finances all throughout Minnesota and
Pennsylvania and Ohio and
all of Nevada and
California.
Could be Florida since I said that.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
exposing the darkness just like you did
in Minnesota, that you're bringing
opening and tearing off that
curtain—that
big guilt of all
the corruption—and you're exposing it,
and Ilhan Omar is being removed in the name of
Jesus. We call her position filled with
a
godly person. We call for her
position to be removed right now.
Removed and deported back to where she came
from. I call it in the name of Jesus
done now
for all the corruption in the mayor, the
governor, the corruption in the
lower levels; we call an exposing and
expelling of all the corruption in
Jesus'name
all throughout Minnesota, all
throughout California, all throughout
Pennsylvania and Boston and all these
areas, Father, in New York, that God would
reign
over these areas. And Father, the seedtime
and harvest—the
seeds
of the wicked would reap the harvest now
in Jesus'name. I thank you, Lord,
for all our ICE agents. They're
protected, Father, that they would
find all the illegal
terrorists,
the people that would try to cause harm,
the enemy within—the Red
Dawn experience.
I know there are some of those people,
Father, they're just coming over here
trying to find work and try to provide
for their families. But that's not all
of them.
A lot of them are here to try to kill,
steal, and destroy.
And so, Father, the MS-13 and the
drug lords and all the people that come
over here illegally to kill, steal,
and destroy, Father, we call them
exposed and expelled in the name of
Jesus. Father, that the angels of the
Lord would help camp around and about
our agents to go and get them and
cause them to come out of here. Father,
that we will not have mass terrorist
attacks over our nation in the name of
Jesus.
We pray over our churches right now in
Jesus'name.
Over every church that's
represented here, Father, from Lakewood
to Cornerstone to
Elevation to all of them. Father, there
are
so many people, so many
churches. We lift them up before you. The
River Church in Tampa, over every
church. We call forth protection,
that the angels of the Lord are camping
around and about every single
congregation in the name of Jesus. We
say, Satan, you will not touch our
pastors. We call shaking in our
churches. We call humbling in our
churches. And we thank you, Lord, that
you said you would shake us to awake us,
to bring the bride to your side.
And God, I call for that shaking to
awaken, to bring the bride by your
side. And Father, we call forth a major
harvest of souls from sea to
shining sea, all around the Gulf to
Canada and over Canada to sea to
shining sea. We call a major revival in
Jesus'name
over these areas.
Father, we call in the harvest of souls.
We call in protection. We call in,
Father, that we will do it uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. Blessed in the city, blessed in the
field, blessed coming in, and blessed going
out.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
bringing forth that godly leader over
Mexico.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Claudia
Sheinbaum
would be removed in the mighty name of
Jesus. We call Claudia Sheinbaum to lose her
seat of power. We call a new president
in over Mexico, Father, to be
that man that you showed me that looks
like Antonio Banderas. Father, I call
that new leader to rise up and lead that
nation out of poverty, bringing in
economic growth, economic blessing over
the Hispanic Mexican culture
people. We call it in right now in the
name of Jesus
that this will be a time of great
acceleration of wealth transfer for the
Spanish community. Father, they work
hard and we thank you, Lord, that you
bless their work and the efforts of
their hands.
I thank you, Father,
you give them creative ideas to get
wealth. Now, Father, over the crypto
community and what's going on with this
digital new industrial revolution
and all the things that you've showed me
over the boomer, the Sooners
concerning South Korea and Japan.
Father, I call a stirring in those
governments right now in the name of
Jesus that it will not go communist. It
will not go to the dragon, but they'll
stand like a backbone, like a crowbar,
and they'll rise up in Taiwan. They'll
rise up in South Korea and they will
pray over their land and they will not
go communist. They will not come
underneath the iron curtain.
We call a stirring in those
countries. We call a stirring in the
church in those countries that they
would wake up and see
that the Lord is good, and they'll
remember what they used to do before.
The elders, they'll not go back to
communistic ways. They'll rise up in the
name of Jesus and say, "We will have a
nation that's underneath
God."We
call revival over South Korea and
over Japan and over all the areas of
Asia. We call a revival in the name of
Jesus to rise up and proclaim that Jesus
Christ is Lord of lords and King of
Kings, and he's coming sooner than what
we think. He's standing at the door
ready to receive his bride.
I call a financial breakthrough for
every single person that's represented
here today. We speak in the name of
Jesus that we're blessed in the city.
We're blessed in the field. We're
blessed coming in and we're blessed
going out. We call those things that be
not as though they were. And I
call my bank account filled up in the
name of Jesus. I call their bank account
filled up in the name of Jesus with
supernatural witty ideas and creative
ideas to get wealth. Everything we
put our hands to would prosper and we
will lack no good thing. We'll have
more than enough to give to the kingdom
of God and promote the gospel of Jesus
Christ throughout this whole world and
then the end will come.
We believe, Father, that you called us
and you have chosen us for such a time
as this. We're that salt and
we've not lost our saltiness. We will
not get weary in well-doing. We'll
rise up on the wings of eagles and we
will take back and take our dominion
authority over this earth because it's
God-given.
He said you have dominion and authority
over all of Satan's works. And I
believe, Father, that you've called us
and you've chosen us to be that
ecclesia,
that church that rises up
and says enough is enough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
Olympics. It's always fun to watch, but
God, I know the terrorists have a plot
and a plan to go against it, to hurt the
people that are attending.
And then the opening ceremony,
there's something dark there that you've
told me that is an abomination to you. I
say in the name of Jesus, it will not
happen.
You said, "Watch the Olympics."What is
it? The sixth opening ceremony
around it, the third, there's something.
Father, I thank you Lord right now in
the name of Jesus that every hidden
plan, every hidden assignment from
Macron,
from black swan events—I saw
him going down the river in France with
the black swan event. We call that
exposed in Jesus'name. I saw a major
terrorist attack coming to the Vatican.
And I say in the name of Jesus, a
major event will not take place even at
the Vatican.
We've seen earthquakes in diverse places
outside of Oregon, even in Italy.
We've seen earthquakes taking place in
Japan, the Ring of Fire. And I thank
you, Father.
Some of these things you said we could
not stop. But I ask you, Father, that a
thousand should fall at our side and
10,000 at our right hand, it will not come
nigh us. That every believer that is
represented here today, we cover them
with the blood of Jesus and that there
will be no calamity, no act of
violence, nothing will come nigh them in
Jesus'name.
No virus of any kind.
Father, you said in your word,
we stand on that
scripture Psalm 91. You said a thousand
should fall at your side and 10,000 at
your right hand, but it will not come
nigh us.
We believe God. We believe there's
revival taking place. And Father, there
will be a shaking with crypto. There's
going to be a shaking with this new
industrial revolution. Father, there'll
be a shaking in finances. There'll be
a shaking in politics. There'll be a
shaking in the earth. There'll be a
shaking in political things.
There'll be a shaking in the church.
I thank you that you shake us to awake
us, oh God.
Shake us to awake us.
No more slumber. No more sleep. Wake up,
church.
Wake up, church.
You're running out of time.
We're running out of time.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You've been so good to us already. And
God, a lot of people
have turned their back on you.
They've had hearts of pride. They've had
hearts of being full of themselves or
they've been focused on what they
shouldn't be focused on and they've lost
focus of Jesus.
Father, bring us back to your side.
Father,
with a higher praise, a higher glory for
you, Jesus.
Oh Lord, you've been so good to us.
And you've had mercy when we didn't
deserve mercy.
We've had favor when we didn't
deserve favor.
Every one of us deserved hell and you
pulled us right out of hell because we
accepted you by your grace.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your
grace. By grace, you are saved through
faith.
And we're so thankful that you said 1
Corinthians 5:5 was going to be the
anthem of 2026
and it would go clear into 2027 and 2028.
And you said, "I was going to shake the
nations."You
said, "I'm going to shake the
nations for three years."There'll be
great shakings to awaken.
And God, I thank you, Lord. But my
remnant will be held in the cleft of the
rock. And I will protect you as it
passes by. And I saw that death angel. I
saw the shakings. I saw all of it
coming.
And you said, "I will protect my bride.
I will protect the ones that are awake,
Brandon. And I will hide you in the cleft
of
the
rock."I
thank you, Father.
I thank you, Lord,
that you said seed time and harvest will
accelerate.
Seed
time and harvest is going to
accelerate.
And the sowers and the
reapers will go hand in hand.
And it will be on the just
and the unjust.
You said, "Brandon, I'll let it be on the
just and the unjust. You're going to see
an acceleration and great corruption
will be uncovered and you'll see
acceleration of blessing on my church.
Goodness and mercy will follow you and
you will see that goodness of
uncommon wealth, uncommon
favor, uncommon success, it's
unprecedented. It's like it's going to
be something that you know
whenever it happens you'll be quick and
give God all the
glory."We're
quick to give all the
glory.
Oh Father, we know it is you.
No matter where we are in life, we
know it is you
in an unusual way.
Favor and blessing in unusual ways
are coming to the body.
Unusual, when you entertain angels
unaware.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we will know and we'll be so quick
to acknowledge when we're
in that place of
an angel's presence. We say, "It's
not that we're giving any praise to an
angel, but we really need to shake his
hand.
Hey, how are you
doing? It's good to meet
you."Father,
I thank you,
Lord, regarding the false alien
invasions.
We thank you, Lord, that the people
would have great discernment.
And the more they talk about these
aliens and all this stuff, we know it's
just fallen demonic spirits.
It's satanic. There's
no such thing as aliens.
People need to know that it's just
demonic spirits sent to be a
distraction
to bring glory to themselves, to cause
confusion.
AI will be used for the exact same
things. You'll not know the difference
between real and fake, authentic
and fake. It's coming. You'll have
to question and see; there's so
much deception coming. And he said it
will get even more intense and the
digital money and the money system will
come into full effect into
2031. I saw
and the Lord said great shaking is
coming even into 2031 for some.
What will you do with these next three
years going into 2028?
What will you do with it?
Will you squander the time away of what
you have left? He said again,
'Brandon, you only have three more
years.'Three
more years of this
until what, Lord? He hasn't said. 'I'm
watching over the next three
years.'He
says,
'What do you do with this time I've
given you, church?'Oh, Father, we give
you praise and glory.
What is that, hon? The Bank of England
must plan for a financial crisis sparked
by aliens. What in the world is that? Do
you see that article? Do you understand
where we are with the signs of the times
and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ,
church?
That's 'the Bank of England must plan for
a financial crisis sparked by alien
invasions.'What
are they thinking? It's
the rapture of the church. A major
economic crisis will happen because the
aliens are taking the rapture—that's
what
they're going to blame it on.
The Christians all left, folks. It's
going to cause havoc in the economic
world. So, we must know that the aliens
took them. It's not aliens; it's
Jesus. He's coming again. But they
have to have an alibi.
They can't tell all the
world, 'Hey, just let you know the
Christians got raptured up with Jesus.
They were right
when they all said we were
wrong.'No,
they're not
going to say that.
'It was the aliens that took them
all.'We've
got to get prepared for it. They know.
Even the world knows what's coming.
The signs are all around us and they're
preparing for the great day of
Jesus'coming.
Where did the Christians go? They went
with the aliens.
That's how dumb they'll be. They don't
have an alibi other than that. So that's
why I'm trying to tell you all. That's
amazing. When did that article come out?
Today. Wow. So that was
in my spirit and the Lord said, 'It's
coming.'And
that's amazing,
son. What a find. Great job.
Wow. What is that one right there?
'Search for Alien Artifacts.'Sorry to
interrupt this prayer for this
little thing right here, but this is
important. The search for alien
artifacts is coming into focus.
I'm telling you what the Spirit of the
Lord is telling me right now as I'm
praying tonight: a great alien deception
is
coming.
I hope you know. I hope you're not
deceived by what you're about to see.
Keep your eyes to the skies.
The
coming of the Lord is at hand.
Well, you said three years. That's
at
hand. Thousands of years of
humanity—6,000
plus—and
we're at the end of it all.
What's three years?
2025 was like a
flash.
We're already
almost over the first month of 2026. We've got only 11 more
months left until 2027.
Do you see how fast it goes?
You have that other article with that
alien in there?
I wanted to see that. I didn't get to
read the headline.
No, it's the same thing: 'The Bank of England
warned to prepare for economic chaos
sparked by the
existence
of
alien
life.'So
creepy.
I want to pray in the spirit for a
minute and
see if He has anything else for me to
pray. I feel a stirring to
pray over this. I'm not holding
you too long; I'm keeping these videos
shorter for these next couple of
videos. I feel in my heart there's so
many of you that if you could just
take
a little bit of time with us and really
pray over this, we can change things.
But when it's buried so far in the back
and you're not praying until the very
back of the video, you don't watch the
whole thing. The algorithms tell us. So
that means you ain't praying over it.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Brandon,
you're saying all this stuff and
then you're rehashing it, but
nobody's ever praying it. They
take it and they put it on the
shelf.'These
words that the
Lord's given us are for very serious
times. It's not for entertainment. 'Well,
I want to see if it comes to
pass'—that's
not what we're here for. This isn't
a psychic hotline. That's what most
people act like.
'Let's see what
Dionne
Warwick's saying
today.'I'm
a Holy
Ghost-baptized
Christian that's coming here to tell
you Jesus Christ is coming and you need
to repent or you're going to hell.
These are signs that tell you how to
pray and believe.
He's trying to warn you.
This isn't some weird psychic
thing; this is all Jesus.
And it really made me fired up and
angry about it. And I thought, 'You know
what? We're going to do things a little
different.'And
the Lord said, 'Do
things different. You've got to pray
more.'So,
we're going to pray more.
All right. Instantaneously I'm seeing
that. I'm not going to tell you what I
saw. I see this. And the Lord said, 'Pray
over JD
Vance.'Okay.
It's the same thing with a Monica
Lewinsky scandal.
You understand?
Hallelujah.
We call,
and then He reminded me of this right
here. He said, 'Speak over the seeds
concerning the spring,
over your crops for GM genetically
modified seeds.
Pray
over
the
drought concerning the
day.'We
call in the rain. We call in the
rain. We call in the rain.
Rain, come in Jesus'name. Rain, come in
Jesus'name
over our wheat crops, over our crops. We
call in the rain. We speak to the drought in
Jesus'name:
you bow your knee. We will not
have an ice storm over Texas. We will not
have a major ice storm over Texas and
over southern Oklahoma. We will not have
it. We command it in the name of Jesus
to bow its knee. We will not have major
power outages. We command the ice storm
to go. We call in just snow
or just rain.
But either way, we need the moisture for
our wheat crops. But we're not going to
have damaging ice, crippling ice storms.
When He showed me the storm, it went clear
over a thousand miles long,
and I remember it so strongly that the
Lord said there'll be power outages
for
hundreds of thousands of
people. And He said, 'Come against
it.'We
speak to it in the name of Jesus:
you will not take our power. You
will not have major outages all over
our nation. We command it in the name of
Jesus for really cold temperatures to
come in. I saw that cold arctic air,
and I say in the name of Jesus, yeah,
it's good to have some good cold air to
kill the bugs and things like that, but we
will
not have destruction because of it
and outages up to three weeks,
solar storms, and people freezing. We'll
not have it being too hot in the summer.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of
Jesus, that we come against the spirit of
destruction
when it comes to weather and weather
modification and weather warfare.
He warned us about it. We come against
it in the name of Jesus. He said
the very thing they tried to control,
they will lose control,
and we will not have that. We call
weather warfare, weather modification, weather
manipulation—we
say cease and desist in the name of
Jesus. And the very chemicals they
spray, HAARP, whatever they use,
Father, would break.
We call it to break. We call it to fall
apart so that they wouldn't be able to do
it. Father, them trying to play God—I thank you that you put the fear of God in
them.
You put the fear
of the
Lord
in them, Father,
for
trying to cause
havoc in nations.
We call those things that be not as
though they were. We will have rain. We
will
not have a major drought in the
Panhandle, over Amarillo and over
Lubbock
and over the areas of Texas. We call
forth rain over Oklahoma, and we turn
this drought around in the name of Jesus
Christ. And we will break this drought.
We call in rain from the north, the
south, the east, the west, and it will
not be damaging rain, but we call the
gulf moisture up from the Gulf of
Mexico. And we say in the name of Jesus
Christ, we'll have more than
rain—more
than enough to fill up our lakes, our
ponds, our streams—and we will have an
abundant harvest of rain in
Jesus'name.
And that goes all the way up through the
heartland, all up through the
valley, all the way up through
Missouri, going up through Kansas, all
the way up, Father, through Ohio. And we
say in the name of Jesus, rain come: a
blessing of rain, a blessing of snow.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it would
be more than enough to fill our
lakes and our streams when the snow melts.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nobody
loses
their life. Father, there
will
be a protection over our people. And
Lord, we give you praise and glory that
there
will not be crippling ice storms. We
say in the name of Jesus, we will not
have crippling ice storms. We will not
have it and we will not stand for it. We
call in whatever
needs to happen to the weather for it
not to happen like that. Do you
believe that? Stand with that. I see
it really hard; I see it strong. It
is
the projecting of when the
storm moves across. He said that the
temperature will be warm enough to do
this.
It needs to be colder air faster to
bring in more sleet
and
snow mix.
We are praying over Taiwan. You
will
not have their land, China. You
not have their land. We
bind that spirit of communism, and we
say in the name of Jesus: thus far and
no further, you will not have the land of
Taiwan. You will not have South Korea. And
Father, we call even North Korea to be
released in the name of Jesus from that
dictator, Kim Jong-un. We say you
are
being removed and your sister is removed
in the name of Jesus and great revival
will come.
We call it in
right now in Jesus'name that the
blessing of the Lord is on the Asian
nations,
that we will have a major move of God on
the Asian people.
We thank you, Lord. We
are
calling those things that be not
as though they were right now in the
name of Jesus that Asia will have a
major move of God. We call it stirred,
the blessing, the
increase, and the favor. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, when the
enemy comes in like a flood, you raise
up a standard against the devil right
now concerning Taiwan. We put that
golden dome of the glory over Taiwan in
Jesus'name.
And the people rise up and
pray. We hold back the
communist
regime over their land
and we break it down for
the underground church of China
to rise up in the name of Jesus and take
back the land for the glory of God.
We believe
that China will have a major revival.
We believe that Hawaii will have a major
revival.
We
call Hawaii
a red state
and
a major
outpouring of the Spirit of God like they
have
never seen before.
There are more with us than there are
with them. Taiwan,
there are more with you than there are
with them. They may have a
hundred-million-man
army, but there are more angels
with you than there are with
them.
I don't care how many soldiers the
Chinese
army has; there are more angels of the
Lord with you, Taiwan, than there
are
with them.
I see a cloud the size of a man's hand
for breakthrough for you.
We call breakthrough concerning this. I
see China raising up—they
are
going to try to do something in
the days
ahead—but
we call for the hand of God to move
on
our behalf right now
concerning Taiwan and the people of
Taiwan. We put a hedge of blood around
that island and we say in the name
of Jesus Christ, the angels of the Lord
are camping around. Though
a thousand missiles
fall at their side, they will all fall
in the ocean;
they will not touch
the land.
I thank you that the angels of the Lord
hold it back.
We hold back the plan and the plot from Xi
Jinping.
We hold back the hand and the plot
from Xi Jinping. We hold back the hand and the
plot so that
they will
have confusion
in their camp. They will remove Xi Jinping in
Jesus'name. They will
remove Xi Jinping. We call
for
confusion in
the
Communist
Party of China.
They
will
remove Xi
Jinping and
bring in another leader. By
the time it is done, it will be
years past because they have confusion
in their own camp. And the underground
church of China rises up and has a
major revival while there is confusion in
the politics in
China.
We call for an open door
of opportunity,
not just a window, for the greatest
harvest of souls China has ever seen.
We call
for
a regime change
and
a turning
of the tide in China and in North Korea.
And we say in the name of Jesus Christ
of Nazareth, you will not bring these
people down anymore.
We call that Iron Curtain moved back and
removed in Jesus'name. We thank you,
Lord, that
nothing is
too
hard or impossible
for you. All things are possible to him
who believes.
We believe, Father, that you have called
us and chosen us for such a time as this.
I call for revival in Honolulu,
Hawaii.
I call for revival
in
Maui. Father, I thank you, Lord, for a
major move of God
throughout
Australia.
You
are
raising
up new Davids and new
Esthers
throughout the land of Australia
in the name of Jesus
and through New Zealand.
Lord,
we thank you
that Europe will not
see a great war.
We call for a diffusing of the war in
Europe
over Ukraine and Russia.
We
call
for
the
shaking
of the false temples throughout
Asia—a thousand-year-old
temple
destroyed in a day. You will see this
in a headline: 'A thousand-year-old
temple destroyed in a
day.'We
pray over our brothers and sisters in
Iran
and we call the pink currency to rise in
Jesus'name.
We call for a change
of tides in Iran for a major revival
within the land for Persia to lose the hold
of Babylon.
We call for a stirring in the churches,
Father—every
pastor,
every prophet, every teacher, every
evangelist—a
stirring in their
spirit for a fresh fire and a fresh touch
of the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
blessing and the favor of God all over
this nation for a great revival.
We call all these things done in the
name of Jesus and we will see the
victory. We
receive it
by faith.
This is the time of an acceleration of
the glory of God on our lives,
on marriages, and on single people.
Father, I
thank you that the glory of the
Lord is resting on their homes.
We call their wayward children home. We
call for the
blessing on their houses,
that none should perish but all come to
repentance.
Thank you, Lord,
for
healing and wholeness over
our bodies. We lack no good
thing. We are healed and whole and
well in
Jesus'name.
Father, we are free from obesity
and
weight issues. We
get our weight under control. We get our
health under control. Father, I thank
you, Lord, for our digestive systems
and the things we do.
We are healed, whole, and well in
Jesus'name.
Father, we have
a
sound mind.
I
thank you, Lord, that every one of
us doesn't look to food
as comfort, but food is fuel. It's not
a
stress reliever. You're our
ever-present help in a time of need,
Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Delivered, Father, from
all kinds of addictions.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that this is a time we
call those things that be not as though
they were. Everyone
is
delivered from
alcohol, nicotine,
drugs,
sex, pornography,
abuse,
and
all kinds of things.
We believe, Father, this is a time like
never before that your bride walks
victorious
and by your side
in the name of Jesus.
Everyone say, 'Amen and amen.'Well, I
think that's good. An hour and
ten
minutes of praying,
and we'll do it again. The Lord said
keep coming. Keep doing this, and we're going
to
keep doing this. We will pray over
this until I feel
released. But there's so many things
that we cannot just let go. We call
those things that be not as though
they were. And the
church is rising up like a backbone,
like a crowbar. So, this gives you
enough time to pray, probably on the way
to work or home or whatever you want to
do. And you can pray with me and
use your authority. Know who you are.
Jesus calls you for such a time as this.
We're excited you're here today. If you
could like, subscribe, click the
notification bell, and click the thumbs up.
We're so excited that you take the time
to pray with us, for many hands make
light work, doesn't it? When there's a
lot of us praying together, we're
excited when you pray and take this time
serious. So, glory to God. Well, we
will see you again tomorrow. Remember,
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you and we'll see
you again. Bye-bye.